General improvements to ONT pages and add new ONTs (#63)
hack-gpon/hack-gpon.github.io: _ont/ont-nokia-g-010g-r.md

has_children: false
layout: default
parent: Nokia
---

# Hardware Specifications

|             |                                                                     |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Vendor      | Nokia                                                               |
| Model       | G-010G-R                                                            |
| Chipset     | RTL9601B                                                            |
| Manufacter  | CIG G-97C                                                           |
| Flash       | 16MB                                                                |
| RAM         | 32MB                                                                |
| System      | Linux (Luna SDK 1.9.0)                                              |
| HSGMII      | ✅                                                                  |
| Optics      | SC/APC                                                              |
| IP address  | 192.168.100.1  (factory reseted unit use IP 10.89.42.157/16)        |
| Web Gui     | ✅ user `admin`, password `1234`                                    |

> | Telnet      | ✅ user `admin`, password `1234`, but open GponCLI and not GponSLID |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Telnet      | ✅ user `admin`, password `1234`, but has access to GponCLI and not GponSLID |
```
